[SYCL][Graph] Adding new graph enqueue function to spec (#15677)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_graph.asciidoc

The command submission functions defined in
link:../experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_enqueue_functions.asciidoc[sycl_ext_oneapi_enqueue_functions]
can be used adding nodes to a graph when creating a graph from queue recording
and also submitting an executable graph e.g. to a queue directly without

> returning an event.

Reviewer: Sentence feels a bit long, slight preference to keeping the existing wording then adding a new sentence.
```quote
New methods are also defined that enable submitting an executable graph, e.g directly to a queue without returning an event.  
```

> can be used adding nodes to a graph when creating a graph from queue recording
> and also submitting an executable graph e.g. to a queue directly without
> returning an event.

Author: ```suggestion
can be used adding nodes to a graph when creating a graph from queue recording.
New methods are also defined that enable submitting an executable graph, 
e.g. directly to a queue without returning an event.
```
